Twitter tutorial (#250)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/tutorials/fast-twitter-events-processing.md

In this tutorial, you will learn how to extract valuable insights from text data using RisingWave. We have set up a demo cluster for this tutorial, so you can easily try it out.

## Prerequisites

* Ensure you have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed in your environment. Note that Docker Compose is included in Docker Desktop for Windows and macOS. If you use Docker Desktop, ensure that it is running before launching the demo cluster.
* Ensure that the [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html) interactive terminal, `psql`, is installed in your environment. For detailed instructions, see [Download PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

## Step 1: Launch the demo cluster

In the demo cluster, we packaged RisingWave and a workload generator. The workload generator will start to generate random traffic and feed them into Kafka as soon as the cluster is started.

First, clone the [risingwave-demo](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave-demo) repository to the environment.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave-demo.git
```

> Now navigate to the `ad-ctr` directory and start the demo cluster from the docker compose file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now navigate to the `twitter` directory and start the demo cluster from the docker compose file. 
```

## Step 3: Define a materialized view and analyze data
This tutorial will create a materialized view that tracks how often each hashtag is used daily. 

To do so, start by extracting all the hashtags used within a tweet by using the `regexp_matches` function. For instance, if given the following tweet:

>Struggling with the high cost of scaling? Fret not! [#RisingWave](https://twitter.com/hashtag/RisingWave?src=hashtag_click) cares about performance and cost-efficiency. We use a tiered architecture that fully utilizes the [#cloud](https://twitter.com/hashtag/cloud?src=hashtag_click) resources to give the users fine-grained control over cost and performance.

The `regexp_matches` function will find all the text in the tweet that matches the RegEx pattern `#\w+`. This extracts all the hashtags from the tweet and stores them in an array.

```
       hashtag	      |     created_at
----------------------+--------------------
[#RisingWave, #cloud] | 2022-05-18 17:00:00
```

Then the `unnest` function will separate each item in the array into separate rows.

> ```

Reviewer: I was gonna use markdown table syntax

```sql
SELECT * FROM hot_hashtags
ORDER BY hashtag_occurrences DESC
LIMIT 10;
```

The results may look like this:

```
  hashtag  | hashtag_occurrences |    window_start
------------------------------------------------------
   #Multi  |         262         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
   #zero   |         198         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
 knowledge |         150         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
   #Open   |         148         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
   #User   |         142         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
  #Cross   |         141         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
  #local   |         139         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
  #client  |         138         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
  #system  |         135         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
    #Re    |         132         | 2022-08-18 00:00:00
```

Most used hashtags from different dates will be shown if the workload generator runs for multiple days.

When you finish, run the following command to disconnect RisingWave.

```shell
\q
```

Run the following command to remove the Docker containers and the generated data.

```shell
docker-compose down -v
```

## Summary

In this tutorial, we learn:

* How to define a nested table with RisingWave

> * How to extract character combinations from a string using RegEx 

Reviewer 2: @emile-00 "RegEx" is not a common abbreviation. I suggest we spell out "regular expressions".
